We're almost done now with access control in the S3 section of this course.
But before we move on I just wanted to show you a couple of tools that are really useful.
So under roles here I'm just going to select one of the roles we used earlier.
And we have a policy applied to this role.
And what I wanted to do is show you the simulate policy tool.
So if we click on simulate policy we can then choose our service choose our actions for instance LIST
BUCKET LIST jobs guess objects ACL and then we can configure this with the ARN of a bucket
or leave it as a wildcard and just run a simulation and see what happens and we can say for instance
here we have list bucket because as we know this policy allows list bucket of course with a simple policy
like this.
It's not too difficult but a good way to simulate and change variables and if you have a complex policy
you can work out what the permission will be.
So that's the policy simulator.
And as you could see that was that can be used for many different services as well.
Another tool actually back in I am is the access advisor so the access advisor shows you the access
which services you have access to.
So actually let's go to my account because I'm an administrative user and let's see access advisor here.
And in this case because I have I'm an administrator so it shows me lots of different services that
I have access to.
And it tells me which policy grants permissions to it very simple here because it's all one policy.
But in most environments you'll have complex policies groups and so on and this will help you to work
out where do your permissions come from.
And you can even see when you last used those permissions to access that service and then the third
tool that I wanted to show you is if we just go into a bucket here and head over to the bucket policy
and we can find the policy generator and this can be used for several services.
So what you can do here is you can put your bucket policy.
You could then go back and get ARN for a user.
You could put that principle in you can then choose you.
So in this case it it selects the service for you because we've we've S3 bucket policy up here
and then you can choose the actions that you want to provide to that user and then you can give the
resource name for the resource you want to grant access to.
So in this case let's say we want to create a policy to grant access to this bucket.
So I've copied the ARN for the bucket and I can put this in and you can even add conditions then as well
as such as we've seen before some of the conditions that you can apply string like if it exists or not
equals.
And so on so there's quite a bit a complexity you provide in there as well.
And then you click on Add statement and it creates this statement down here and then if you click generate
policy here's your policy.
Now you can then go back up and for instance let's just try and give something to a wild card and then
a different set of permissions and the wild card again an ad statement.
And now we have that statement added to this list.
And if we generate policy the code now includes both of those statements.
So these are some tools which you can use.
It's worth playing around and using this to generate some policies for us free and see how it works.
And as I said you can do that for other services as well.